Overriding: out_dir = out-shakespeare-char
Overriding: device = cpu
number of parameters: 3.16M
Loading meta from data\shakespeare_char\meta.pkl...

Comes in this use, appainst, or grace it.

RICHARD II:
You had they so thand his conten the brother?

BENVOLIO:
A confect it in that speak, and him,
Inle sumpt the pution untrencer is love
I such repore in upon and to capery sollys,
That not sentle in thy fallowerse; and and true have
For thought thought the sights dist fearter
And my with the his with.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Saws, sinsturs me as in many the to soul
The haven an of deving and To gill it
Turn must in from the servule to mervoice,
And 
---------------

Chartatter, my duke, and compon of the calentage;
They not then born your coard in of in and to
upon the hard queel such the longet:
Ork, to good and an there's the part's if the nows.

TRANCIO:
Proves there they serves tward obe down with horse,
Thinks these of thee pospition some a with oldows,
Sir at with all shall have exching hath me:
Thusand love he the not of the of being me
Beath us wontor thy makest?

ROMEO:
To bindom that of law such, sir from I for be her!

LORD EDWARD:
Henry that she
---------------


SICINIUS:
I the rest spoul pake the face of wife a father's the
some of with them and had he hoped they hast,
There anciral the feart's dispertivetreatry's prest gentlemy.

PLARD:
Sir, I have the her grace mis the pleaven
To is nuty the brothere the endry again.

LUCESTIO:
Before she with that rest the more struth you? I hazen's day
As my lord: the hear again there marry come.

That ISABELLA:
The have for his protion the somes fath.

GLOUCESTER:
I would well this not a long to more.

KING EDWAR
---------------

And not by that the sking to and too, fellow shall in award here.

First Comp'd Sannot men:
The wrat farth yet the grows sadon of the boring here;
Or fason, as the slassink'd the baster.

PAULINA:
I shall all the leaster a gract of dand pring at thinks?

KING RICHARD III:
I may thou and life you well again:
No, and we will hold. Clord 'll dest the grace
More and what you fing of the offecce.

LEONTES:
Their it this muchese do shall their frial
The crown a courtal the pould pring of any and in mi
---------------

Not a hangue!

WARWICK:
So the such of for 'tis the much or
Of here to peecience what
I have he kinge the for she hear beswn
What the self I dee none.
Mars; in thung since our such hease, joy more dishamere,
And you more was brother in that what the celse besome to
Be wish duke eppermoon cler in your where hourself:
Where our which this heaven, and would a mister
The can too their stor: what is there swards you to thy
shame you me froms at most so suddon honour wronge,
Sirmost some me doth than 
---------------


Grown:
I am to the gats her tall I have these of what rack,
Will royal make his contread a that the thus beat wear
Fell such what here a straid. I, let not your holds:
That they recred have some with so.
Let lies There more day me side mine her is, their heir
better my fair rother's cold in a conter?

MENENIUS:
The noble, you say for the come?

Second Servicen:
And we be her lief, his know know may her
That if you seem or thy part?
Be the love to his and, and was the scraction your that here
Se
---------------

Set so with miscy to the against the some stortor.

MENENIUS:
I'll for my for a knected all other,
Thou before one thing our by to exice
To pert with him sonself. O the persun
The way life, foul for best pare.

DUKE OF YORK:
Who, and had I wear no away. When, good let be you sees;
If a for you would of that sing my body shall be to shrortorse,
And you do the press of the from oldothreasumpt to
upon it plifht, coment the wull so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here wick no thou thought or and help'd thou canno
---------------

The grace, no presicie.

DUKE OF YORK:
What when that I am that you distraite the duke
Flold to the boint grace them count with shee,
They hxlowerthles of My come too way?

BENVOLIO:
But, since, yet so his consul! this groping one!
Foul is my breath dance of a man? in that her?

DUKE OF YORK:
What, news thir soment he God and haven me,
Unsurput thou he crove morn'st of his beath
To made and spired mother'd corn conself,
And an the known, he had some murder upon traip?
His parruther with is touch
---------------

From huth deads in the better
Your dest be shend dother is of your know
Banbrother'd, what is embardam, I him the read'st ever'd to here in
The must on yellowers the lack:
You are resempt now, I will say for ming all the sure
As down frience of thee, it of the love no the
she from too the know atter's should my of much,
And had you will have till of with honour eyes--
Thou art thou castations in the 'avence of you;
For to awretck follocds deather brothert of the hast
That to are in that me what 
---------------


LADY CAMILLO:
My is prock's noble a shild ma cared all honour.

ANGELO:
Their the guisise and fail
To the whose and prough them a 'truch's lettend.

First God! Which now you ship, I am, 'tis let that the such
of the scourself deforge of that the come cence,
That he say to be with this not to heavil shade
by their subjectime all fing that you with the sentlen so
shall here in the hope make to more you begos a for and he
dost weal be of all grave come court be the been of and
At well fell'd that 
---------------
